- [Instructor] For this course, I have created a GitHub repo
where all the content is available.
The location for the GitHub repo
is arun-gupta/docker-for-java.
As you can see,
all the content is nicely organized in different chapters.
You can easily clone this repo,
or download a ZIP file on your local desktop.
Once you download it,
the ZIP file can be expanded and it gives you a folder.
In the folder, we have all the scripts
that are available for you to use.
You can use your favorite IDE.
In my case, I'm using Sublime Text.
Let's take a look at that.
Here is the unzipped folder
that is available in my Sublime Text.
Let's take a look at Chapter4, for example.
If I look at this, I have my readme.adoc.
It has all the commands that are available for you.
You can copy, paste them into your terminal
and just follow along the course.
Even the Shell scripts that are used are available to you
as a referral as well.